This classic, text-based, online role playing game let's you create and play a character in J.R.R Tolkien's Middle Earth.  

The game takes place in a massive world that includes many of the most exciting and well-loved locations from the Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit.  Whether you wish to delve into the mines of Moria to vanquish the Balrog, seek the wisdom of Elrond In the hidden valley of Rivendell, confront the Witch-King in his fortress, or just live a quiet life in the Shire, you will get your wish in this game.

Players work together or on their own to defeat monsters, complete epic quests, gain wealth and treasure, win glory and fight in the great war.  Role playing is encouraged.  Player killing is allowed, and fun, in the context of the war between the free peoples of Middle Earth and Sauron's minions.  But there are plenty of fun things to do if player killing is not your thing.  There is a giant world to explore, NPCs to fight, artifacts to loot, quests to complete, herb-lore to learn, fish to catch, and drinks to be imbibed.

Choose to play a sturdy dwarf, a cunning hobbit, a noble elf, a wise half-elf, or a powerful man and fight against the forces of Sauron to protect the free peoples of Middle Earth.  Or, you may choose to play as a dreadful orc, a fearsome troll, or a treacherous man and destroy the free peoples of Middle Earth for the greater glory of Sauron.

Make your character a mighty warrior, a stealthy thief, a fiery wizard, or a devout cleric.  Or build a character that combines the best attributes of all four using MUME's innovative and classless character advancement system.

MUME has been evolving for over 25 years.  The game's huge and detailed world was developed entirely by player volunteers who have contributed over  23,000 unique rooms to the game since its foundation.  Come explore the vast world of MUME.  Discover its secrets.  Claim its treasures.  Win glory by defending it or conquering it.  And then, if you have the desire, join the team of players who are expanding and perfecting this vision of Middle Earth.

MUME is 100% free.  There is no cost to play.  There are no in-app purchases.  No aspect of the game has ever or will ever be monetized.  You do not need this app to play MUME.  You play via the game's website, with a mud-client of your choice, or with a plain old telnet connection.  This app just makes it easy to get started.

* NOT recommended for play on devices without keyboards.